It's real, it's real, it's real. And it's not a question, I think, ever, of whether it's real or not. It's just, is there too much money that's been sloshing around into the debts, into the graphics cards, and everything else. And the reason we do this is because we just hit a low here after reaching a new peak back in June. Remember, in June, we saw semiconductors go absolutely ballistic. And this is telling us that maybe people are going to never search as high as this for the AI bubble from now moving on. And I think that's a very interesting point here for markets. Certainly something we're watching. Let's now take a look at some of the dark pools. Couple of big ones coming in here from volume leaders. This is in junk bonds. So we always pay attention to that. And you'll note here we have the 12th and 17th largest dark pools. So they both happened at a pretty critical period here. We're getting close to levels that again we were at during the March lows. So that was where we're actually seeing a full freak out in the market. The only difference now is of course we've got a higher interest rate. So you've got to remember one of the things that's been happening here is interest rates do kill the face value or at least take the face value off bonds. So couple of large transactions. If we keep seeing fall off here, it could suggest that somebody is just saying, you know what, enough's enough. I'm getting out. It could also be a turning point though. So, critical large transactions coming through. Now, the bulls are going to be pretty still bullish on markets because we ended up hitting our 4-year anniversary of the bull run start that happened in 2022, depending on where you take it from. The reason that's important is generally speaking, bull runs kind of go like maybe 3 3 and 1/2 years or they go really really long time. So, could we be hitting a 5 1/2 year average here and therefore have another 1 and 1/2 years left in this bull run? Well, we're up 15% so far here from this chart from Duality Research over on X. Could we be going towards 10,000? That would be pretty big. We actually take a look at a couple of charts later to really break down this tech sector because it's such an important sector right now to holding this market up. So, let's talk about Bitcoin. Now, Glass Node at Glassnode over on X, uh, certainly give them a follow, guys. Just came out and they actually showed this really important line that we talked about in the last video. Remember we talked about 85,000. Now, the reason we did that was because, of course, it was resistance on the chart, but also there was all these people that were trying to sell at that price. Well, markets spiked and it looks like they took those walls out pretty quickly. So basically um yeah, it's a very interesting time here for Bitcoin because we've had some really large inflows. Take a look at those ETF flows. They've been absolutely ballistic for pretty much the last couple of months, but particularly the last kind of 10 10ish days. And this is a good sign because it shows that well someone seems to be moving into it. And if price action is making higher highs and higher lows, well that's again a very interesting kind of I guess observation in markets. Far side investors this chart comes from. Uh definitely check them out. All right guys, just before we jump into the charts, we look at some of the key leads that we're seeing right now. I just want to remind you guys that we do do live sessions every couple of weeks. If you're interested in signing up, you can do so. It's free in the description down below and pin comment. Make sure to do so. I'll be hosting the next session. I'll be giving away a couple of tips and tricks I've picked up through my last 17 years on both institutional and of course retail side. I think you're going to enjoy it. There's some limited spots. So, make sure you make it to the event. Click in the pin comment down below. Let's jump into the charts now and have a look at whether these markets are risk, risk off. So, we've looked at some bonds. We'll take a look at a moment as well, but let's have a look at the S&amp;P versus LOVAL. So what this is telling us is it still seems to be that at the moment there's a risk on it's just very specific to of course tech. If we go to the New York composite the advanced decline line things we like to look at yeah they're really bad like the overall breadth is is quite shocking here in markets and you can't really like what this is doing. Generally speaking, when you get breadth that bad, when you're down at these levels, usually you're in about a 5% correction. And technically, we are. If you're looking at just like the Russell or you're looking at just these stocks, some of them have been falling off a lot, particularly the financial sector. And I'll actually be writing about this in the newsletter this weekend. So, make sure to sign up for that as well, free in the links description down below. But have a look at this. The financials have fallen off. Meanwhile, the stock market is holding up. And usually what you'll see, I mean, here's the financials fall off, they rally, but it was the end of that run. When the financials fall off, that could be telling us there's a bit of weakness in the market. And especially if this now goes and extends to like a 10% decline or a 12% decline in financials, the likes of JP Morgan and stuff, that is starting to put, you know, charts such as this one really into context. And of course, this is one of my favorite charts this week, the Kwave of the McDonald's versus US 10-year chart. And the reason we look at this is because we're negative 32% on McDonald's, and it seems like it's continuing to fall. And the 10-year is up about 32% this year off these points. And what that's showing us is that people are struggling. I mean, this is consumer discretionary in many ways. Yeah, it's a stapley kind of stock, but at the same time, it's showing us that people are pulling back on their spending, and that's eventually going to hit the stock market if we lose capex spend from AI. So, I think it's like kind of a representation of that. Now, we mentioned the move index before. Here it is on the charts. Notice we are back at these points. Now, when the move index spike, especially if it's sustained for a little while, then that can create again more panic in market. So, are the bonds on the move? Yeah, the bow for high yield here as well. It closed above. It's on the rally. These types of things do tell us that something behind is starting to wake up. Kind of like the calm before the storm, but there doesn't seem to be a storm in at least the cues at this stage. We're still making higher highs and higher lows, which we'll check out. Now, Treasury is getting a lot of interest because it has fallen and it has fallen, of course, to multi-deade lows. Now, if you put something like a Ballinger band on treasuries, which I've done here, you'll note that not only is there some massive volume coming through just recently, but we're also outside of the Ballinger.
