Take a look at this chart. It's the South Korean stock market, also known as the KOSPI index, and you may have heard of it from news headlines just a few weeks ago. There were growing concerns about the South Korean stock market being an example of what could come next for the US stock market as this KOSPI index suffered from one of its worst declines in recorded history, losing over 40% of its value within the matter of a few days. Now, most of these headlines have now disappeared as this KOSPI index looks on the surface a little bit more stable, but what we actually see when we look a little bit deeper is that the situation in South Korea is getting worse by the day, and we happen to think that this story is actually far from over. In August alone, foreign institutional investors reportedly dumped nearly $7.3 billion worth of Korean stocks, extending their selling streak that has now lasted for seven straight months. What we are effectively seeing in the South Korean stock market is a continued exodus by institutional capital. Now, normally we wouldn't pay too much attention to what is happening on a foreign stock market like South Korea, but this time the consequences that this could have on the US could be significant. But what many investors are missing right now, and what the mainstream media is not covering, is actually that this is not random. That this foreign selling, this sudden price drop, didn't magically happen on its own. There was a structural shift in financial conditions that triggered this. And understanding this properly is key to knowing what happens next with the US. You see, on the exact date of that 10% drop in the South Korean stock market, while almost everyone was focused on the leverage unwind and trying to connect it to AI, the Bank of Korea announced to the public that they would hike interest rates the following month. And that's exactly what happened. The Bank of Korea delivered a couple of rate hikes in the month of July, the exact month when the initial drop turned into a full-blown bear market. In other words, South Korean financial conditions were quietly becoming tighter, and this completely reverses the math of leverage and margin debt. Now, that is fine as long as interest rates are low, but as soon as interest rates start to rise, it essentially means that the borrowed money becomes more expensive, and the risk of holding it becomes a higher and higher. Now, institutional and foreign investors understood this very quickly, which is why they essentially sold the very moment that the Bank of Korea made that announcement. It doesn't matter how strong the AI narrative is or how strong the fundamentals are, the truth is in a leveraged market when financial policy becomes tight and less supportive, there's a much higher likelihood that excessive leverage unwinds. And the worst part is that the Bank of Korea doesn't appear to be finished. It just raised its interest rate again in the month of August, further reinforcing the shift towards tighter financial conditions. And that also explains why foreign investors have continued to reduce their exposure even as the KOSPI has seemingly rebounded. Why should an American investor care? Well, because the US has been the last decade building many of the exact same vulnerabilities. For starters, margin debt in the US now stands at roughly $1.4 trillion. That's almost 50 times larger than the margin debt I just showed you in South Korea. For context, the US stock market is only 10 times bigger than the KOSPI. So in other words, the US is in fact even more leveraged than the South Korean stock market. Today's margin debt levels have already surpassed the extreme levels that we saw in October of 2021, in July of 2007, and March of 2000. So, America has the leverage, it has the speculation, and it has the exposure to the exact same investment theme. If excessive leverage and concentration were gasoline waiting to be set on fire, the US would have the largest amount of it. The question is, do we have the match that is needed in order to set it all on fire like for the South Korean stock market? Well, that is where things start to get a little bit more scary. Because if we look at South Korean interest rates and we overlay the interest rate set by the Federal Reserve, the US central bank, what we quickly find is that Korean interest rates have the tendency to move ahead of the Federal Reserve. And based on what's happening right now, it seems like we're once again following this exact playbook. After the Bank of Korea raised interest rates for two consecutive months, the Federal Reserve has now followed in the same direction. In September, the Federal Reserve finally pulled the trigger, raising their interest rate by 25 basis points. And they're projected to continue doing so in the coming months. So, yet again, the US may have just arrived at its own version of the moment South Korea reached only a few months ago. But before you go and sell your entire stock port- folio, there is one last thing that is equally important to understand. History may rhyme, but it rarely repeats in exactly the same way. In 2022, the timing was very different. The market had already begun rolling over as the Federal Reserve began to raise its interest rate. Now, today, despite the Fed's recent rate hikes, we can see that the stock market's momentum is still strong, at least for now. Prices haven't yet shown any kind of breakdown relative to their prior trend, and moving averages are for the most part still pointing upwards. This is why our macro strategy revolves around incorporating factors like the Federal Reserve and liquidity that are central pieces to determine our allocation to the market every single week. But our allocation is also determined by the price action and the momentum of the market. Now, we expect big changes to come in the coming months as a direct result of what the Federal Reserve is doing. And some of those changes are already starting to appear in the data that has a direct impact on how we are allocating to the market. You get 2 years of access to our highest performing macro allocation strategy that we have specifically designed to navigate this kind of economic environment for the price of just 1 year. That's already a 50% discount. We are at a major turning point for the US economy right now and we want people to be prepared before things start to turn. So if this is interesting to you, click on the link below if you want to secure your spot. Again, we only have 20 left out of the 100 and as soon as these are filled, we'll be deleting the link below and likely won't be doing this offer again. So click on the link below and thanks for watching.
