So, we're down here right now in this area and you could use that. The other one that you could create for yourself. Um, and if you're in the community, you saw this. Uh, I think the last that was on the wait list to get in the community, I think that that email's gone out. Um, and then it looks like maybe 27 will be the next time it opens. So, if you're interested, just get on the wait list. But once you start getting into the nonsense, you have to start thinking about like, all right, well, maybe I want to reduce because I could get a hard reject and I don't want to be around for the the hard reject. So now, if we come back to that, you can see it really clean, right? Like that area. I never got the hard reject in there, but I got out before I got out of that trade before the day. And then my trade was relatively simple. It was just to get back in if we got back down to the put wall. So, what happens when we get down to that put wall? It implodes. It gives me a level and then I can use this area as a soft stop. So, in here, I'm selling puts. And the reason that I'm doing that, I'm selling puts over just buying stock is because I think the volatility could be pretty crazy. And then all I'm doing with it is then see because like the gamma is exploding, right? So in other words, when when you're trading options or selling options, if you have something like this where you're screaming on the way down, what's going to wind up happening is that the market makers are going to panic. So they're going to put more and more premium into it. So instead of being like whked around, especially on a Friday, I just go out there and I sold this week's options and I sold uh last week's or this week's options and I sold next week's options, sorry, uh the 2nd and the 9th. And why am I doing that versus stock at this particular time is because you're bouncing, you know, $9. Like you're having this these huge bounces. And if I got a like another red bar of death here and I'm wrong, the amount that I'm going to lose on something like that is substantial. So when you see something like that, like take this bar and measure that bar off, right? Like that's that's 30 bucks. I don't want to be long stock for one of those. I want a cushion. That's why I leaned more into options than anything else off the open. And I switched from stock, which is what I was doing in here because I had a better vehicle, a better asset class, I should say it that way. Uh do what I wanted. And then you're trading up and then you're going from there. And I'm trimming into this. And then I'm just doing it again. Like I'm just waiting for it. I'm like, "All right, you're back down to that level." and I could just go out there, buy stock, or I could just sell puts again. And I just kept doing it and it worked out very well. In here is where you started to get comments and there was a really big article that hit uh you know the wire and that's why it moved the way that it did on this and really what you saw there was they put this article out just highlighting everything and how silly this was. And I can show you some of those clips from the article that hit the wire and really it was it was just a bunch of clips from analysts that were out there. Uh unlike STX and WDC, Toshiba does not internally source their own media and heads in order to double their carrying EB capacity. They would also need to external component suppliers also significantly raise capacity which would be believed could limit the impact of total EB supply to the market. And then they're coming out there and stating, hey, we like Western Digital and think that these names are still going to hit their targets. And there were a bunch of these guys that came out that were in the article. And so so once that hit Bloomberg, that was pretty much it. And then you saw a bunch of people coming in during this area. Here's a clip from what Rosenblat said about it. Supply concerns. We understand your supply concerns, but we think the news is more about Toshiba reclaiming lost market share rather than the stated 30% market share ambitions. Toshiba's expansion. Get rid of that thing. Uh I don't like this here. Toshiba's expansion reduces credible medium supply risk uh giving customers incremental negotiating leverage and long-term agreements. LTAS 29 to 31 are negotiated, but we continue to see support for sustained pricing power from worsening supply, demand imbalance due to AI and they're still coming out and liking them. And so as soon as you saw that, you saw these bounces, you know, and it kind of held from there. You after that article, you never really came back and now we're at those highs. But the purpose of this is to understand why this is happening and then how to take advantage of it. And then even off the open, it just kept giving us shot after shot to do this. And you didn't have to do it the way that I did it. And I always stress this, like you don't have to do the vehicles that I that I think. What I do here, you know, some people just like, I don't want to trade options. I hate options. Your ideas are silly. I'm just going to buy stock cuz I want to own it. And those people are buying stock at the put wall at 80. And then by the end of the day, well 800, I should stop abbreviating. Um, and you know, by the end of the day, they're at 48. So there's 50 points here because you understood where the put wall was. You watched it hit, you understood the news, and you understand what was going on. And that's half the battle. And you know, the majority of the world is thinking that the sky is falling, but at the end of the day, this is exactly the the exact opposite. And this is happening more and more in the market. And we're seeing more followthrough. Now, let's watch this play out live. And then I'll show you what I mean by this. Really, what I'm looking for, you want to watch and see if you can get to 800 today. That's the put wall. I'm just going to put that there in case it goes off the open. Right at those levels, I'm going to sell puts. Let's go take a look at STX. I sold the 800 puts for today for 15. If I get stock, I get stock. I really don't care. It's down 15%. It's stupid. I sold the 800s for next week for 30 bucks. You can always do stock. What you're doing is you're just buying stock and then if it takes out the low, just kick it and then just watch how it acts up here. I just think that the gamma like the way everything just exploded to the downside just made everything so juicy. I sold those October 2nd 800 puts for 15 and change. They're seven. The other ones I sold for 30, they're 26. I'm just watching here. But if I reject here, maybe I'll trim some. Maybe those puts that I sold here, I'm up $10 on. Oh well, they just imploded to three. Yay. The other ones I'm up 10 bucks on, too. Yay. More money. Now, I just watch. If it starts breaking below this, then maybe I'll close some of it.
