What's up everyone? All right, in today's episode, I'm going to walk you through the leading gainers in the market right now. I'm going to share with you the trades that I took this morning, and I'm going to give you my outlook for the rest of the day and the rest of the week. Here we are, Wednesday, middle of the week, and it's not been a great week so far for me. No trades on Monday, no trades on Tuesday. Did I make up for it today? The answer is yes. I'm up over $50,000 this morning. Patience has paid off. And guys, we had some unbelievable candles this morning. We had two epic short squeezes. Let's jump right on the charts and I'm going to start breaking it down. The first one was on SXTC. SXTC is a Chinese pharmaceutical company. It's up 130% as of right now. The move began in the afterhour session yesterday and it's on no news. So it starts to squeeze up after hours. Pre-market it dips down. It comes back up to 250 creating essentially a double top up around 250 258. Then this morning it curls up right here. It breaks 258 and it squeezes all the way to $7 a share in one candle. Let's back that up. Let's let's actually do that on a 10-second chart. All right. So we're gonna zoom back this way. All right. Now we're going to go auto. So, here's the thing with this stock. Because this stock already had millions of shares of volume before the squeeze. So, from yesterday, we'll just go from yesterday up to just before the squeeze, had 22 million shares of volume. It's got a float of 1.3 million shares. When a stock just suddenly surges like that, where's support? Well, it's all the way back down here. And so once that big short seller bought the shares, was covered, then no one else really trusts buying it up at this level. It's not like this just came out with breaking news. So, I didn't trade BYA. I did get SXTC and I made $50,000 on it. LGCL, made 4,600 on that. M10 made 600 on that. LPCN lost 1,900 on it. BYA and SXTC were the two big moves. So, my hope, I suppose, would be that because we just saw a couple epic short squeezes on Chinese stocks that perhaps short sellers would think twice about shorting some of these Chinese stocks. um and maybe they're not so heavy at the beginning of the move and they're able to actually start to pull away and long bias traders kind of get off the sidelines and start participating in the front side of those moves and we see that pendulum swing. But, you know, I'm not I don't know if that'll be the case. So, we'll see how the market plays out for the rest of the day today. So, five of our leading gainers right now are Chinese. Uh, so that's definitely saying something. I hate to say it, but you know, trading no news Chinese stocks seems like it's still a current theme. So, I think for the short term, um you got to stay light on your toes. uh but be willing to dip your feet in when something is showing that it's coming back to the high of day. So, that's my outlook for the rest of the day, for the rest of the week. I'm going to try to manage my risk, add a little more profit, um you know, hopefully without making um any big mistakes, and I will be back at it first thing tomorrow morning, bright and early, streaming at 7 a.m. So, thank you guys as always for tuning in. John is currently streaming in the small cap room for members at Warrior Trading. Uh, Warrior Pro members can tune in to that broadcast. If you have not already checked out our two-eek trial, I'll post a link. It'll be pinned at the top of the comments and in the description, so you guys can check it out and come on over and see what it's like to be a member of Warrior Trading. That's it for me. I'll see you guys tomorrow morning.
