The S&P 500 is near record highs, yet most of the stocks in it are in a bare market. Breath has only been this bad twice, and on both occasions, the S&P 500 crashed nearly 50%. There were 16 times yield spiked this rapidly over the last 50 years. And every one of those was followed by some form of crash. The 10-year Treasury yield has surged to a high of 5.22%. At the same time, the dollar has lost roughly 23% of its purchasing power since 2020. Today, we cover what to know, what you should be looking out for, and where the action is right now. There's a loaded economic schedule with important jobs data set to release 30 minutes after the market opens on Tuesday. Important inflation data will release 1 hour before open on Wednesday. GDP data will release one hour before open on Wednesday. And we have a jobs report on Friday, 1 hour before open. So, we are set for an exciting week. Looking at the stock market right now, SPY is 1.03% off of its all-time highs. When we look intraday, we can see that there are two major resistance levels overhead. SPY is at 772 with the first major resistance around 775. And this has been a key area of resistance basically ever since the market reached its all-time high around August 13th. and even slightly before that point. Of course, the most significant resistance level going forward is that all-time high just under 780. The market has been pretty stagnant over these past few weeks, especially as the combination of rising yields and a geopolitical mess make it kind of difficult for the stock market to just actively rip higher. At the same time, support has been holding up very strongly. We can see there are a handful of levels to look out for heading into this week, especially with the important economic data set to release. 768 has been a key point the market has bounced off of, but I would even argue that 762 and 756 are potentially even more important. Uh, if those levels break, the next major level underneath that is just under 750. So, the market has a lot of levels [snorts] uh to look out for. It's close to new all-time highs, but these resistances have been strong. And again, there are a handful of important events this week. Like we covered a handful of times already. The time of the year we're in is pretty significant. Historically speaking, September 30th has been the best average buying point going all the way back to 1928 for midterm years. Uh we are only 3 days away from that point. So keep this in mind. Looking at the earnings lineup for this week, it is pretty clear. Micron will report after close on Wednesday, though. This will be a big earnings report. Nike will also report on Thursday. That'll be kind of interesting as their stock is down 44% year-to date. But besides that, let's jump right into the good stuff, which are some setups and predictions. Another stock that's close on the radar is Dell, and it is to the downside. Uh this stock has been a huge beneficiary of the AI boom. Uh they've had a great run. I think they're now at the point where the riskreward is potentially more favorable to the downside. It is up hundreds of percent over the past year and it's now trading at a forward PE of like 21 times. Looking at Dell right now, there is major resistance just below the $600 level. I think in a worst case scenario where Dell keeps ripping higher, this trade can end up with a relatively small loss compared to what can be gained if the stock did pull back. With that being said, Dell is not a stock that I necessarily expect to be read tomorrow or even the day after. This is more so of a broader trade where while there's a lot of euphoria in AI stocks, I think that in the event there is some sort of slowdown or even just d-risking event, whether it's specific to AI stocks or even in a broader sense due to rise in yields or anything else, I think this can make for a good riskreward trade in a downside sense over the coming weeks and months. Again, in the worst case scenario where Dell keeps rising higher, keep the loss relatively small. But if it does turn over, I wouldn't be surprised if it got below $400 a share. And right now, it's still at 562. So, we shall see. Again, it's going to be something that takes some time. But let's also jump right into today's momentum plays. And with the first one, we have Rocket Lab, ticker symbol RKLB, to the upside. This one's on the radar for a potential breakout tomorrow past 7550. With the next one, we have Coinbase, ticker symbol CO IN with a potential breakout past 197. And then with the last one, we have Crowd Strike, ticker symbol CRWD, for a potential break down past 25140. These three stocks are on the radar for potential continuations tomorrow if and only if they break through the levels listed. These stocks are volatile, so always protect yourself and focus on making smart, disciplined trading decisions above all else. If you're new to the channel, welcome and consider destroying that subscribe button. For every single trading day, we make brand new videos just like this one, showcasing past stats, upcoming events, stocks to keep on the radar, important things to know, and so much more. It takes a long time to make these videos for every single trading day. And again, if you subscribe, you'll get them recommended to you more often. So, definitely consider doing that. But we also want to give a giant shout out to today's member of the day, Bird Dogger, in the Stocked Up Discord, who had some great profits on Friday said, "Thank you, Serge, and made just under $1,500 with some Microsoft call options." So, huge shout out to you, Bird Dogger. Keep up the great work going forward and it's awesome to see posts like this one. We have an important and big week ahead of us, guys. The S&P 500 is very close to its all-time high and again there's a handful of important things developing all at once right now. Thank you so much for watching and let's crush it in the market this week.
