So, this pullback low anchored view app here has been reclaimed as of Friday's close. Same thing with the breakout anchored view app from over here. We can hit this with the volume profile as well on a weekly. And just point out if this is the top end of the high volume node, we didn't even come back and test that. The lower wick of last week is technically above it. Now, of course, this high volume node above us is going to be the previous week's high break. If we could do that, that in my opinion would be a bullish invitation to look for some higher prices. Let's take this thing down to a daily time scale. Now, let's throw on the clean drawing set in terms of levels and let's firstly evaluate this week's expected move. If you're not familiar with the expected move, it's the gray shaded area right here. You can check out the video tutorial in the top right hand corner. I'm going to hover my cursor here so I can get you the exact level. 77935. It's basically overlapping with the all-time high here and the lower bound. So, that's if we're contained by the upper bound once again. $77935. That'd be a higher high versus last week. It's an equal high to the all-time high. And the lower bound down here is going to be at $759.99. And that would certainly suggest an equal low to last week's hammer low on that Thursday session when things looked just absolutely abysmal. So expected move in my opinion is actually more neutral than anything else. I do like the fact that it suggests a break of this flat top resistance shelf here at 774.85. And I think the most important thing to talk about is just that sort of Friday recovery effort, if you will. It's not the best looking daily bar. Please don't get me wrong. Like a solid green body bar is, you know, 10 out of 10 times better than that. But the fact that we gapped up, reclaimed the moving average structure, we did not close the gap all the way, which technically tells me we don't have stronger sellers participating here. The fact that sellers could not really follow through underneath this Thursday pivot low from now two weeks ago, right? We talked about this on Wednesday. just what a disappointment it was right on Monday to retest that level, Tuesday, then Wednesday when we were doing the video talking about it. I mean, you have to imagine that Thursday intraday as we're breaking south of the 50 SMA, that's a pretty ugly look. Now, you never want to get too bearish. And I think I even said this on Wednesday, we probably don't want to get too bearish into the low end of the range here. And that ended up being a decent idea. Uh, but nonetheless, what do we want to see going forward from here on the daily? You pretty much need to hold on to the key level we've been referencing, right? This is not anything new. It's 766, the Monday momentum low, which if you extend that off to the left, it's also the CPI high. It's very close to Friday's low from last week. It's also very close to Thursday's high, and it would be the gap close. If the market wants to sustain lows, daily higher low here, cuz we've certainly flipped into an hourly downtrend. If we want to sustain that higher low, then ideally, we just don't go back and retest it. So 766 would be the next structural level to establish a new higher low in the count and potentially go up and out towards the top end of the range. If that's the case and we can go sideways and then go up and out over 77485, then the all-time high retest is the target. So that's what buyers want to see here. It's the sort of m uh it's it's it's maintaining a higher low over 766. That's the key. That is the key into the early stages of this week. If we really start seeing something that looks like this, I I mean, again, I don't want to be overly pessimistic into the bottom end of the range, but this would technically start looking like a little bit of a lower high. You've got equal lows coming back down into here. The pressure would be on for something that looks like that to kind of open the door for lower, right? And that's just not really what we want to see here, especially if we're just starting to see some improvements in individual names. The NASDAQ's acting well. Let's see if Breath can snap back. So on the daily chart, before we get more granular on the hourly, the base case is we need to stay over 766. Let's take this thing down to the hourly. Let's get a little bit more granular here. The gap up on Friday, I think looks fine. Ideally, you wouldn't have had uh as much of a run up first and instead you would have closed stronger. So you could see here it's kind of we tried higher first, big smackdown, then we close kind of okay, middling in that range. It would have been better in my opinion to produce something a little bit different in terms of okay, you open here, you close the gap, then you start building out higher lows into the afternoon, closing back up towards the highs of that day's range, giving us much more of a look that perhaps would have been like this. A little hammer candle off the gap close would have been much more compelling. Now, again, I I I can't fault this bar too too much. It did a lot of things well. It stayed over the moving average stack. it didn't close the gap all the way and you could certainly see that we closed over this minor minor inflection point over here which was Monday's high as well as Wednesday's high before that rebalance right so all things considered I can't be too negative on the market and the structure is improving if this is an hourly downtrend well that downtrend is broken now you could easily visualize that with a trend line here right boom we're through the trend line that means naturally this is the highest high on the hourly trend count and therefore we're going to start looking for a higher low this could be it it could also look something like this consol considation here. You build out a little ascending triangle. Then up and out, as we just mentioned, really helps the case over 77485 into the all-time high. So, what does the simplified pathing ultimately look like here? I would say an open that's in line with where we closed. Any higher lows that look like this, I would start looking for hourly inverted head and shoulders. That's your trigger. Through a neckline, you go back up to this equal high. Sustained hourly higher lows anywhere over 76875 should put the pressure on the daily equal high balance. That's 774.85. If we could continue to get really tight in here, then a breakout straight up and through 77485 is targeting the all-time high. Alternatively, if we're just strong out of the gates and we do not close this gap, if we leave it unfilled, that would be a bullish indication, some consolidation here over Friday's high up and out. Let's look for momentum to possibly return to this market. Now, of course, we're going to need to see a lot of things happen in the correct sequence, aka a lot of the sectors going to need to see improvement. The MAG 7 is going to have to start acting really well if that's going to be a momentum burst to the upside.
