Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Stock Market today for Wednesday, October 7th. It's Alyssa Cororm along with Ed Carson here and stocks pairing losses as yields paired their gains and let's get uh some information from Ed on what else we're going to be talking about today. Ed? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I want to take a look at three stocks that are doing pretty well. ABV, Apple, and Micron. &gt;&gt; All right, we'll get to those stocks, but first, a closer look at the action in the major indexes. We'll kick things off with the NASDAQ Composite, finishing down just 2/10en of a percent on the day, coming off of the opening lows there. I can even zoom in on a shorter time frame there. So, you can see erasing quite a bit of the loss there. Meanwhile, the S&amp;P 500 also down some 2/10en of a percent and closing above that 7800 level, just barely, but it did close above that. And the Dow not as great of a comeback. Still down 7/10en of a percent on the day and of course in a much weaker position. But not to be outdone though, the Russell 2000 and small caps even weaker, down 1.3% on the day. We know small caps are so interest rate sensitive. And here's a look at the tenure. Maybe we'll start there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean it really spiked up. I'm not exactly sure why, but there's a Treasury government sovereign bond yields around the world were rising quite a bit. And I know that the French bond yields I think were really surging and then reversed lower. We had a Treasury auction that um yeah, the 10ear yield I think actually fell 15 basis points for French brands. Just a huge day. Uh but we had a 10-year Treasury auction that went pretty well. So we hit a 24-year high and then we came off came off highs and then came off some more. So that was encouraging. But you know we haven't been below the 10day line. We haven't closed below the 10day line in several months now I think. So you know it's been pretty relentless. This uptrend has not been broken but still the market at least the the parts that you know good chunks of the market are doing pretty well. Uh, nevertheless, &gt;&gt; exactly. I mean, to see the NASDAQ composite act how it's acting with uh that interest rate factor being so sticky uh is pretty incredible. Wouldn't you say, Ed? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. It's really, really impressive. I And if you had told me that the 10-year Treasury yield would go up like 100 basis points, you know, I was yeah, that we might be in a correction. I mean, but instead the NASDAQ, I mean, parts of the market are, but the NASDAQ and S&amp;P and a lot of stocks are showing a lot of strength. And so, look, you can go into it. This is why when the market takes off, sometimes the market gets a little shaky or sometimes there's good reasons to doubt it. And I'll doubt it. I wasn't sure. But you just have to sort of like sometimes close your eyes and just make a buy and just listen to them and pay attention to the market. Not going recklessly, but okay, it's working. Well, let's take a look at the equal weighted S&amp;P 500 ETF RSP down 8/10en of a percent on the day. Still in a weak position here. So, and outpacing the decline uh by the S&amp;P 500 today. So, comes down to stock selection still at this time. Ed, following where the strength is. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. It definitely I mean it's pretty clear where some of the strength is and it's not uh it's not in where RSP is. Uh hit getting rejected right at a key level and we're seeing that with a lot of these other indexes that you're going to bring up uh I'm sure. So yeah, it's just you just uh be aware of this weakness. It's not great. You'd like to see more breadth. Uh but there are stocks to buy, but it's it's just something to note. And let's now go to Apple. See where this stock finished. I know we were looking at it early in the day on IBD Live clearing a trend line. It was uh a little bit of a shaky start. It I I would say that it it pulled in. It looks like the closing range was pretty decent on this one. So let's take take a look at that. Yeah. So 66% well within the upper half there, Ed. So arguably actionable today in the mega cap space. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you could also draw a trend line that is right at the tops and I think it basically touched. So sort of however you want to look at it. So I think at this point that's what I would probably use. I mean I think you just because it was in there it's like well I'd like to see a little more strength. I wouldn't want to buy it. But either way it's right there. Yeah. I mean this is a high handle uh to that thing to that cup base. It's also a 3 weeks tight if there's actually a 3 weeks tight with the same buy point of 345 etc. So either way it it works there. It's breaking the trend line or trying to break the trend line of that area. Uh yeah, so I think this one's in there. Next week they're probably going to do some smart home product releases uh announcements getting into some of that field and then a week or two after that the finally the Apple Duo the foldable phone is finally going to go on sale. Uh so there are some things coming up. The growth has been pretty decent here. uh after some sluggish growth for a while, the revenue growth has picked up, their earnings growth has been pretty solid. So again, this one isn't one that's going up 100%. But this one is somewhat AI pure. Like if you don't have a bunch of AI stocks, if you have, you know, like how much in AI chips, AI and chips, and how much in software, I mean, Apple's still tech, but it's somewhat out, it's a little bit different space as well. So, uh, a place that that to be a little bit se separated from some of the the AI and volatile names. Okay. Well, let's go to Micron. An upside reversal took shape today up 4.1% or so, Ed. And it looks like this only strengthened throughout the day. And that upside reversal came right at the 21day line. You also had a little bit of a shakeout below a previous upside reversal. It's hovering just below a handle buy point. So, some traders may have taken today as an opportunity to initiate positions. Maybe waiting on that breakout area to add to the position. But we have earnings out of the way here. Very strong growth. And this is in a hot AI space. Although maybe lately some other areas have been hotter because this has just been going sideways while other areas of the market have been advancing. But what's your take? &gt;&gt; Yeah, obviously the growth is absolutely amazing. I think you could have bought it here today because reversing from the 21day line and sort of this August September high sort of testing all of that. There was a lot of tests that it reversed higher from because if it had fallen below here and gotten back toward the 10,00 level, it would be below a lot of things. I mean, not terribly, but I'm just saying but this was a nice little test here today. Uh but on the things like Nvidia, you can have amazing earnings and you can go sideways for 6 months, 9 months. So you can't just say, "Aha, I this had a good earnings report. You have to go today." It's like no, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; No. I mean, uh the fundamental mean you should always pay attention. But yeah, Nvidia has went sideways a couple of times for long stretches despite that earnings line just going up up and up and does the stock doesn't always have to follow uh on either direction. So my same thing with Micron earnings are tremendous. Uh so yeah sort of could go I will say there was one reason to pause and not buy today is that after the close probably around by 8:00 Eastern so right when stock trading ends Samsung is going to release its operating profit preliminary results for the September ended quarter. Uh so that'll be interesting that could be important for SAM for Micron for SKHX for SanDisk the whole memory space. Uh so that's something that could influence that sector We look forward to that as well. You can catch this earnings season's first installment of earnings cheat sheet with Ed and Rachel dropping Friday on our YouTube channel or at investors.comvideos. Thanks, Ed. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thanks everyone for tuning in. That's it from us for today, but it is Wednesday, so we have a fresh podcast episode with our Justin Nielsen at 5:00 PM Eastern. He's going to be hosting Jack Kosar and that'll be a great discussion. So, head on over there live at 5:00 PM Eastern. Thanks for tuning in. We'll see you in the morning on IBD Live and then we'll also see you right back here tomorrow after the close.
